It will be available in a minute.
Thinking about it, I'm really a little excited.
It's one of my dreams.
Is to successfully take your company public
I didn't expect it to be so fast.
You work so hard
It's only natural that the company goes public
I don't know why.
Your son always has a bad feeling in his heart
This is called listed money syndrome.
Oh, the investors are not fools
Mr. Cheng, you are now our Yuncheng
The most famous stock market person
Created so many miracles
In addition, several new industries have been invested in ahead
I'm afraid he's going to go up by the limit as soon as we open
Hey, did you tell my dad?
If the limit is up, be sure to invite dinner
Hahaha
Chen Feng, today is an important day
Dad, you appreciate it
Yeah, OK.
Aju
Call and tell everyone
Let them all suppress
A thousand seals never fall
I want him to
In front of me
Can't lift my head anymore
Ah, how could this be?